Fix/add.shipping.estimate.app (#243)
vtex-apps/store-components: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> -  added vtex.shipping.simulator app to translate and place the correct delivery time on `ShippingSimulator`

Reviewer: Faltou o header do changelog

- 
```suggestion
#### Added
-  `vtex.shipping-estimate-translator` app to translate and place the correct delivery time on `ShippingSimulator`
```

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> #### Added

Reviewer 2: should be
```suggestion
### Added
```
